# The Pefect Woman
My visual argument, "The Perfect Woman," serves as both a form of social commentary and parody piece on the treatment of Black women in society. This piece plays on the "Strong Black Woman" archetype, as the ad attempts to advise Black female readers on how they can become more respected by others in society. The use of Covergirl is meant to parody the methods of sales and persuasion the company's ads try to provoke, and seeks to suggest that a Black "Covergirl" is one that adheres to the standards and norms that society promotes. The woman's face is constructed using features of White women, and is drawn on with plastic surgery lines to further illustrate that idea of crafting the perfect woman. The addition of flowers and butterflies in her hair was another way of further beautifying her, but was also loosely inspired by the works of Kehinde Wiley, who creates portraits of Black individuals on different floral backgrounds. The language choices of "soft," "pretty," "natural," "elegant," "intelligent," and "feminine" where specifically used because they all describe societal views of what Black women are not, and they are each written in a font that seems most appropriate to their respective meanings. Other notable contrasts in the text can be seen in the title, where "Cover" is white to symbolize covering the identity of the Black women with attributes of the White race, and "Perfect" is white because of the associations between whiteness and perfectionism. 

All major files for my project - those including the xcf file, flat image, assets list, and workspace screenshots - can be found in the "visual-argument-project" folder. 
