(2/18/2025)
Since this is my first time using Gimp, a lot of my time has spent on familiarizing myself with the application. After I watched a few tutorials on the app's major tools, I then spent time figuring out the direction for my project. I had a lot of mockups I had drew up, but it was difficult for me to decide which one would be the easiest to execute. I originally wanted the woman to be in front of a floral background, similar to the works of Kehinde Wiley, but many of the options on unsplash were either too busy or too bare. Since I do want to use words to protray my message, I decided to go for a more magazine cover route, where the image of the woman would be pieced together using other images. After class on Monday, I took the time to compile a handful of photos that could possibly work. However, later that night, I ran into a lot of difficulty removing the background for the flower photos. Because of how precise the edges of the flowers are, I looked towards tool like foreground select and the paths tool. I had no real issue removing the background for the woman's photo, as for that I just used the layer merge trick, but for some reason I just could  not figure out how to do it with the flowers. Eventually, after hours of work and countless YouTube tutorials, I realized the videos' advice didn't work because the users were not using Mac like I was. But once I figured this out, I was able to properly start assembling my piece. Today was filled with cutting, placing, and arranging the flowers, and the next few days I will continue to work on the other photographic elements I want to use. 

(2/23/2025)
As I look to submitting my full draft of the piece, I am pretty content with my work thus far. Some of the hardest elements for me to work with were the woman and the words, each of which I played around with multiple times. At one point, I thought of making the woman more statue like to further "dehumanize" her, and to do so, I took to multiple YouTube tutorials of how to give an image a more stone or steel appearance. The process of achieving this relied heavily on desaturation, colorization, color curves, and gaussian blur, but ultimately, I thought her original form looked the most authentic. However, I am still contemplating making the entire cover an illstration.
With the traits, I orginally made cut out pieces to also give them a magazine illusion similar to the hair and face pieces. These ended up looking out of place though, so I then tried just having the words stick out of her hair in different colors and fonts. This too infringed on the cohesiveness of the piece, and were hard to see, so I ultimately decide on having them as part the headline, but still incorporating the different fonts to match the meanings of the word. 
When it comes to my final draft, I think my main focus will be on incorporating more pieces to further enhance the idea of crafting the "perfect woman." 